 A client would like an application built that will do a variety of text data analysis as detailed below.  Create a well-designed user interface to make it all happen. In addition to the user’s requests, make sure it has a functional clear button and an exit button as usual.

The client needs an area where the user can paste in and view a large chunk of text.  In a smaller area, the user will type in a word or phrase.  When activated, the program will search the large text area for the smaller text and will display on a Label on the form how many times the search text was found
In that same analysis, a list box will be filled with the starting positions of all occurrences of the search criteria
Additionally, in another Textbox, the user may optionally type in a word or phrase that will replace the search criteria text wherever it occurs in the main text.  The replacement is automatic, but if this box is left empty, no replacement will occur.
The client wants a password checking feature where the user can type in a proposed password.  In a Textbox with a red background, the user will type.  *As they type* (keystroke by keystroke) a series of Checkboxes will change values (checked = yes, unchecked = no) to show whether the password has numbers, special characters, spaces, uppercase (capitalized) text, and lowercase text.  When the password contains all the options, the background on the textbook will turn green. If the user changes the password, the color and check boxes will immediately adjust as needed, no matter how the user changes the contents.  There is no button for this feature – the code runs dynamically as the user types in the box.  Lock down the Checkboxes so you can change them with code as the user types, but the user can NOT check the boxes themselves.
